Adding minor notes to Container-Image.md doc file (#5283)
opentripplanner/OpenTripPlanner: docs/Container-Image.md

docker run -it --rm -p 8080:8080 -v "$(pwd)/berlin:/var/opentripplanner" docker.io/opentripplanner/opentripplanner:latest --load --serve
```

Now open [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080) to see your running OTP instance.

## Additional notes

> Make sure to include the word "gtfs" when naming the gtfs files that you want to use for OTP. Otherwise, graph build will fail.<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to include the word "gtfs" when naming the gtfs files that you want to use for OTP. Otherwise, graph build will fail.

```

> When building graph fails (out-of-memory) add an option <b> -e JAVA_TOOL_OPTIONS='-Xmx4g' </b> to docker run command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to set JVM options you can use the environment variable `JAVA_TOOL_OPTIONS`. 

A full example looks like this `-e JAVA_TOOL_OPTIONS='-Xmx4g'` which you need to add to your docker command.
```
